README.md, before:


# The Pocket Data 101 List 🗂
A small, but formidable, list of free resources for anyone interested in learning more about data. (Many thanks to [all the folks on Twitter who responded to my call for resources](https://twitter.com/radiomorillo/status/1189276210444079106?s=20) and shared the ones that appear in this list.)

---

## Online Courses, Tutorials, and Reference Material 👩🏽‍💻

### Text-Based Content 📖
- [Introduction to SQL](https://sqlbolt.com/) by SQLBolt.
- [SQL Tutorials (Basic to Advanced)](https://mode.com/sql-tutorial/) from Mode Analytics.
- [SQL "Murder Mystery" Tutorial](http://mystery.knightlab.com/) from Knight Lab.
- [SQL Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/) from W3 Schools.
- [Wizard Zines: SQL](https://wizardzines.substack.com/archive) by Julia Evans.
- [Analytics Academy](https://segment.com/academy/) by Segment.
- [Kaggle Online Data Science Courses](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/overview) by Kaggle.
  - [Intro to SQL Course](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/intro-to-sql)
 - [Metadata Basics](https://marciazeng.slis.kent.edu/metadatabasics/index.htm) by Marcia Lei Zeng, PhD.
  
### Video-Based Content 📼
- [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-data-analysis/) on Coursera.
- [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-data-analysis-using-excel-5) on edX.
- [Introduction to Descriptive Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-descriptive-statistics--ud827) by Udacity.
- [Introduction to Inferential Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-inferential-statistics--ud201) by Udacity.
- [Learn SQL Bootcamp](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/dg/class/databases-for-developers-foundations.html) from Oracle. 
- [Intro to SQL](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/sql) on Khan Academy.


---

List compiled by [Stephanie Morillo](https://www.stephaniemorillo.co). Want more lists? Check out [the Pocket UX List](https://github.com/rubymorillo/pocket-ux-list).

Commit message:

added data viz in excel

README.md, after:


# The Pocket Data 101 List 🗂
A small, but formidable, list of free resources for anyone interested in learning more about data. (Many thanks to [all the folks on Twitter who responded to my call for resources](https://twitter.com/radiomorillo/status/1189276210444079106?s=20) and shared the ones that appear in this list.)

---

## Online Courses, Tutorials, and Reference Material 👩🏽‍💻

### Text-Based Content 📖
- [Introduction to SQL](https://sqlbolt.com/) by SQLBolt.
- [SQL Tutorials (Basic to Advanced)](https://mode.com/sql-tutorial/) from Mode Analytics.
- [SQL "Murder Mystery" Tutorial](http://mystery.knightlab.com/) from Knight Lab.
- [SQL Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/) from W3 Schools.
- [Wizard Zines: SQL](https://wizardzines.com/zines/sql/) by Julia Evans.
- [Analytics Academy](https://segment.com/academy/) by Segment.
- [Kaggle Online Data Science Courses](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/overview) by Kaggle.
  - [Intro to SQL Course](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/intro-to-sql)
 - [Metadata Basics](https://marciazeng.slis.kent.edu/metadatabasics/index.htm) by Marcia Lei Zeng, PhD.
 - [How to Build Data Visualizations in Excel](https://stephanieevergreen.com/how-to/) by Stephanie Evergreen.
  
### Video-Based Content 📼
- [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-data-analysis/) on Coursera.
- [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-data-analysis-using-excel-5) on edX.
- [Introduction to Descriptive Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-descriptive-statistics--ud827) by Udacity.
- [Introduction to Inferential Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-inferential-statistics--ud201) by Udacity.
- [Learn SQL Bootcamp](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/dg/class/databases-for-developers-foundations.html) from Oracle. 
- [Intro to SQL](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/sql) on Khan Academy.


---

List compiled by [Stephanie Morillo](https://www.stephaniemorillo.co). Want more lists? Check out [the Pocket UX List](https://github.com/rubymorillo/pocket-ux-list).
